'A test design technique is | a process for selecting test cases',
'When should we stop testing? | it depends on the risks for the system being tested',
'How much testing is enough? | The answer depends on the risk for your industry, contract and special requirements',
'Test cases are designed during: | test specification',
'The difference between re-testing and regression testing is: | re-testing is running a test again; regression testing looks for unexpected side effects',
'Which of the following is a requirement of an effective software environment? I. Ease of use II. Capacity for incremental implementation III. Capability of evolving with the needs of a project IV. Inclusion of advanced tools | I, II &III',
'When what is visible to end-users is a deviation from the specific or expected behavior, this is called: | a failure',
'Which is not a testing principle | Exhaustive testing',
'Which one of the following describes the major benefit of verification early in the life cycle? | It reduces defect multiplication',
'The cost of fixing a fault: | Increases as we move the product towards live use',
'Expected results are: | derived from the code',
'A failure is: | deviation from specified behaviour',
'Which of the following is true of the V-model? | It includes the verification of designs',
'Independent Verification & Validation is | Done by an Entity Outside the Project's sphere of influence',
'Which one of the following are non-functional testing methods? | Both b & c',
'which of the following statements is not true | Verification activities should not involve testers (reviews, inspections etc)',
'One Key reason why developers have difficulty testing their own work is : | Lack of objectivity',
'Which of the following functions is typically supported by a software quality information system? I. Record keeping II. System design III. Evaluation scheduling IV. Error reporting | I, III &IV',
'What is the main reason for testing software before releasing it? | to give information for a risk based decision about release',
'Which of the following should NOT normally be an objective for a test? | To prove that the software is correct',
'Which of these activities provides the biggest potential cost saving from the use of CAST? | Test execution',
'Enough testing has been performed when: | the required level of confidence has been achieved',
'When should we run regression tests? Choose TWO Answers. | 2. after the software has changed & 4. when the environment has changed',
'Which is not the fundamental test process | None',
'The oracle assumption: | is that the tester can routinely identify the correct outcome of a test',
'Consider the following statements about early test design: i. early test design can prevent fault multiplication ii. faults found during early test design are more expensive to fix iii. early test design can find faults iv. early test design can cause changes to the requirements v. early test design takes more effort | i, iii & iv are true. Ii & v are false',
'We split testing into distinct stages primarily because: | Each test stage has a different purpose.',
'From the below given choices, which one is the Confidence testing | Smoke testing',
'To test a function, the programmer has to write a _________, which calls the function to be tested and passes it test data. | Driver',
'Poor software characteristics are | Only Product risks',
'In which order should tests be run? | the most important tests first',
'In practice, which Life Cycle model may have more, fewer or different levels of development and testing, depending on the project and the software product. For example, there may be component integration testing after component testing, and system integration testing after system testing. | V-Model',
'The most important thing about early test design is that it: | can prevent fault multiplication',
'Which is not a test Oracle | The code',
'Pick the best definition of quality | Conformance to requirements',
'Error guessing is best used: | After more formal techniques have been applied',
'A test harness is a | A test environment comprised of stubs and drives needed to conduct a test',
'What statement about expected outcomes is FALSE: | expected outcomes are defined by the softwareâ€™s behaviour',
'Which of the following requirements is testable? | The response time shall be less than one second for the specified design load',
'Non-functional system testing includes: | testing quality attributes of the system including performance and usability',
'Code Coverage is used as a measure of what? | Test Effectiveness',
'Which of the following techniques is NOT a black box technique? | LCSAJ',
'Consider the following statements: i. 100% statement coverage guarantees 100% branch coverage. ii. 100% branch coverage guarantees 100% statement coverage. iii. 100% branch coverage guarantees 100% decision coverage. iv. 100% decision coverage guarantees 100% branch coverage. v. 100% statement coverage guarantees 100% decision coverage. | ii, iii & iv are True; i & v are False',
'Which of the following is the odd one out? | functional',
'An important benefit of code inspections is that they: | enable the code to be tested before the execution environment is ready.',
'Statement Coverage will not check for the following: | Missing Statements',
'Unreachable code would best be found using: | code reviews',
'How many test cases are necessary to cover all the possible sequences of statements (paths) for the following program fragment? Assume that the two conditions are independent of each other : – ………… if (Condition 1) then statement 1 else statement 2 fi if (Condition 2) then statement 3 fi ………… | 4 test cases',
'Analyse the following highly simplified procedure: Ask: “What type of ticket do you require, single or return?” IF the customer wants ‘return’ Ask: “What rate, Standard or Cheap-day?” IF the customer replies ‘Cheap-day’ Say: “That will be £11:20” ELSE Say: “That will be £19:50” ENDIF ELSE Say: “That will be £9:75” ENDIF Now decide the minimum number of tests that are needed to ensure that all the questions have been asked, all combinations have occurred and all replies given. | 3',
'If the pseudocode below were a programming language ,how many tests are required to achieve 100% statement coverage? 1. If x=3 then 2. Display_messageX; 3. If y=2 then 4. Display_messageY; 5. Else 6. Display_messageZ; 7. Else 8. Display_messageZ; | 3',
'Which of the following statements is NOT correct? | A minimal test set that achieves 100% statement coverage will generally detect more faults than one that achieves 100% branch coverage.',
'Given the following code, which statement is true about the minimum number of test cases required for full statement and branch coverage? Read p Read q IF p+q > 100 THEN Print “Large” ENDIF IF p > 50 THEN Print “p Large” ENDIF | 1 test for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage',
'Which of the following is NOT a white box technique? | State transition testing',
'Given the Following program IF X < Y THEN Statement 1; ELSE IF Y >= Z THEN Statement 2; END McCabe’s Cyclomatic Complexity is : | 3',
'Consider the following statements: i. 100% statement coverage guarantees 100% branch coverage. ii. 100% branch coverage guarantees 100% statement coverage. iii. 100% branch coverage guarantees 100% decision coverage. iv. 100% decision coverage guarantees 100% branch coverage. v. 100% statement coverage guarantees 100% decision coverage. | ii, iii & iv are True; i & v are False',
'Which of the following tools would you use to detect a memory leak? | Dynamic analysis',
'Incorrect form of Logic coverage is: | Pole Coverage',
'What can static analysis NOT find? | memory leaks',
'Given the following code, which statement is true about the minimum number of test cases required for full statement and branch coverage? Read p Read q IF p+q > 100 THEN Print “Large” ENDIF IF p > 50 THEN Print “p Large” ENDIF | 1 test for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage',
'IEEE 829 test plan documentation standard contains all of the following except | Test specifications',
'What is the purpose of a test completion criterion? | To determine when to stop testing',
'In prioritising what to test, the most important objective is to: | Test high risk areas',
'Given the following sets of test management terms (v-z), and activity descriptions (1-5), which one of the following best pairs the two sets? v – test control w – test monitoring x – test estimation y – incident management z – configuration control 1 – calculation of required test resources 2 – maintenance of record of test results 3 – re-allocation of resources when tests overrun 4 – report on deviation from test plan 5 – tracking of anomalous test results | v-3,w-4,x-1,y-5,z-2',
'Which of the following would NOT normally form part of a test plan? | Incident reports',
'Test managers should not: | Re-allocate resource to meet original plans',
'Which of the following is NOT included in the Test Plan document of the Test Documentation Standard? | Quality plans',
'Enough testing has been performed when: | The required level of confidence has been achieved',
'Which of the following is not a quality characteristic listed in ISO 9126 Standard? | Supportability',
'We split testing into distinct stages primarily because: | Each test stage has a different purpose',
'Which of these activities provides the biggest potential cost saving from the use of CAST? | Test Execution',
'Which of the following is NOT included in the Test Plan document of the Test Documentation Standard: | Quality plans',
'Which of the following is the main purpose of the integration strategy for integration testing in the small? | to specify which modules to combine when and how many at once',
'Given the following code, which is true: IF A > B THEN C = A – B ELSE C = A + B ENDIF Read D IF C = D Then Print “Error” ENDIF | 2 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage',
'Which of the following is NOT part of configuration management: | auditing conformance to ISO9001',
'Order numbers on a stock control system can range between 10000 and 99999 inclusive. Which of the following inputs might be a result of designing tests for only valid equivalence classes and valid boundaries: | 10000, 50000, 99999',
'Consider the following statements about early test design: i. early test design can prevent fault multiplication ii. faults found during early test design are more expensive to fix iii. early test design can find faults iv. early test design can cause changes to the requirements v. early test design takes more effort | i, iii & iv are true. Ii & v are false',
'Unreachable code would best be found using: | code reviews',
'Test managers should not: | re-allocate resource to meet original plans',
'When what is visible to end-users is a deviation from the specific or expected behavior, this is called: | a failure',
'Could reviews or inspections be considered part of testing: | Yes, because both help detect faults and improve quality',
'Beta testing is: | Performed by customers at their own site',
'Regression testing should be performed: v) every week w) after the software has changed x) as often as possible y) when the environment has changed z) when the project manager says | w & y are true, v, x & z are false',
'IEEE 829 test plan documentation standard contains all of the following except: | test specification',
'Expected results are: | most useful when specified in advance',
'The difference between re-testing and regression testing is | re-testing is running a test again; regression testing looks for unexpected side effects',
'Consider the following: Pick up and read the newspaper Look at what is on television If there is a program that you are interested in watching then switch the the television on and watch the program Otherwise Continue reading the newspaper If there is a crossword in the newspaper then try and complete the crossword | SC = 2 and DC = 3',
'When a new testing tool is purchased, it should be used first by: | A small team to establish the best way to use the tool',
'Which of the following is NOT included in the Test Plan document of the Test Documentation Standard: | Quality plans',
'A tool that supports traceability, recording of incidents or scheduling of tests is called: | a configuration management tool',
'A typical commercial test execution tool would be able to perform all of the following EXCEPT: | generating expected outputs',
'Which of the following statements is NOT true: | inspection is appropriate even when there are no written documents',
'Which expression best matches the following characteristics or review processes: 1. led by author 2. undocumented 3. no management participation 4. led by a trained moderator or leader 5. uses entry exit criteria s) inspection t) peer review u) informal review v) walkthrough | s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1',
'The place to start if you want a (new) test tool is: | Analyse your needs and requirements',
'What statement about expected outcomes is FALSE: | expected outcomes are defined by the software’s behaviour',
'What information need not be included in a test incident report: | how to fix the fault',
'Error guessing is best used: | After more formal techniques have been applied',
'Which of the following is NOT part of system testing: | top-down integration testing',
'Testing should be stopped when: | it depends on the risks for the system being tested',
'Given the following code, which is true about the minimum number of test cases required for full statement and branch coverage: Read P Read Q IF P+Q > 100 THEN Print “Large” ENDIF If P > 50 THEN Print “P Large” ENDIF | 1 test for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage',
'Non-functional system testing includes: | testing quality attributes of the system including performance and usability',
'What can static analysis NOT find? | Whether the value stored in a variable is correct',
'The cost of fixing a fault: | Increases as we move the product towards live use',
'The main focus of acceptance testing is: | testing for a business perspective',
'Given the following types of tool, which tools would typically be used by developers and which by an independent test team: i. static analysis ii. performance testing iii. test management iv. dynamic analysis v. test running vi. test data preparation | developers would typically use i and iv; test team ii, iii, v and vi',
'What is the purpose of test completion criteria in a test plan: | to plan when to stop testing',
'Which of the following is not part of performance testing: | Recovery testing',
'Which of the following statements about the component testing standard is false: | black box design techniques all have an associated measurement technique',
'Given the following: Switch PC on Start “outlook” IF outlook appears THEN Send an email Close outlook | 1 test for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage',
'Which of the following is NOT a black box technique: | LCSAJ',
'The standard that gives definitions of testing terms is: | BS7925-1',
'Consider the following statements i. an incident may be closed without being fixed ii. incidents may not be raised against documentation iii. the final stage of incident tracking is fixing iv. the incident record does not include information on test environments v. incidents should be raised when someone other than the author of the software performs the test | i and v are true, ii, iii and iv are false',
'To test a function, the programmer has to write a ______, which calls the function and passes it test data | Driver',
'An input field takes the year of birth between 1900 and 2004. The boundary values for testing this field are: | 1899,1900,2004,2005',
'Given the Following program IF X <>= Z THEN Statement 2; END McCabe’s Cyclomatic Complexity is: | 3',
'Which of the following could be a reason for a failure 1) Testing fault 2) Software fault 3) Design fault 4) Environment Fault 5) Documentation Fault | All of them are valid reasons for failure',
'Which one of the following are non-functional testing methods? | Both System and Performance Testing',
'Incorrect form of Logic coverage is: | Pole Coverage',
'Pick the best definition of quality | Conformance to requirements',
'Inspections can find all the following except: | How much of the code has been covered',
'Which one of the following statements, about capture-replay tools, is NOT correct? | They are used to capture and animate user requirements',
'A regression test: | Will help ensure unchanged areas of the software have not been affected',
'Fault Masking is | Error condition hiding another error condition',
'Acceptance test cases are based on what? | Requirements',
'How many test cases are necessary to cover all the possible sequences of statements (paths) for the following program fragment? Assume that the two conditions are independent of each other: ………… if (Condition 1) then statement 1 else statement 2 fi if (Condition 2) then statement 3 fi ………… | 2 Test cases',
'To test a function, the programmer has to write a _________, which calls the function to be tested and passes it test data. | Driver',
'Test cases are designed during: | test specification',
'Which of the following tools would be involved in the automation of regression test? | Capture/Playback',
'If an expected result is not specified then: | It may be difficult to determine if the test has passed or failed',
'Which of the following statements about component testing is not true? | Component testing does not involve regression testing',
'Which of the following is not a characteristic for Testability? | Robustness',
'In a review meeting a moderator is a person who | Mediates between people',
'Independent Verification & Validation is | Done by an Entity Outside the Project’s sphere of influence',
'Tests are prioritized so that: | You do the best testing in the time available',
'Defect Management process does not include | Deliverable base-lining',
'Which of the following is not a quality characteristic listed in ISO 9126 Standard? | Supportability',
'Which of the following would NOT normally form part of a test plan? | Incident reports',
'Which of the following is NOT true of incidents? | Incident resolution is the responsibility of the author of the software under test',
'Which of the following is not a static testing technique | Error guessing',
'Equivalence partitioning is: | A black box testing technique appropriate to all levels of testing',
'A common test technique during component test is | Statement and branch testing',
'Code Coverage is used as a measure of what? | Test Effectiveness',
'The oracle assumption: | is that the tester can routinely identify the correct outcome of a test',
'Boundary value testing: | Test boundary conditions on, below and above the edges of input and output equivalence classes',
'One Key reason why developers have difficulty testing their own work is: | Lack of Objectivity',
'How much testing is enough? | The answer depends on the risk for your industry, contract and special requirements',
'Statement Coverage will not check for the following. | Missing Statements',
'Which of these activities provides the biggest potential cost saving from the use of CAST? | Test execution',
'Which of the following should NOT normally be an objective for a test? | To prove that the software is correct',
'When a new testing tool is purchased, it should be used first by: | A small team to establish the best way to use the tool',
'The inputs for developing a test plan are taken from | Project plan',
'During the software development process, at what point can the test process start? | When the software requirements have been approved',
'A company recently purchased a commercial off-the-shelf application to automate their bill-paying process. They now plan to run an acceptance test against the package prior to putting it into production. Which of the following is their most likely reason for testing? | To build confidence in the application.',
'According to the ISTQB Glossary, the word ‘bug’ is synonymous with which of the following words? | Defect',
'According to the ISTQB Glossary, a risk relates to which of the following? | Negative consequences that could occur',
'Ensuring that test design starts during the requirements definition phase is important to enable which of the following test objectives? | Preventing defects in the system',
'A test team consistently finds between 90% and 95% of the defects present in the system under test. While the test manager understands that this is a good defect-detection percentage for her test team and industry, senior management and executives remain disappointed in the test group, saying that the test team misses too many bugs. Given that the users are generally happy with the system and that the failures which have occurred have generally been low impact, which of the following testing principles is most likely to help the test manager explain to these managers and executives why some defects are likely to be missed? | Exhaustive testing is impossible',
'According to the ISTQB Glossary, regression testing is required for what purpose? | To ensure that defects have not been introduced by a modification',
'Which of the following is most important to promote and maintain good relationships between testers and developers? | Explaining test results in a neutral fashion',
'Which of the statements below is the best assessment of how the test principles apply across the test life cycle? | Test principles affect activities throughout the test life cycle',
'What are good practices for testing within the development life cycle? | A and B above',
'Which option best describes objectives for test levels with a life cycle model? | Each level has objectives specific to that level',
'Which of the following is a test type? | Functional testing',
'Which of the following is a non-functional quality characteristic? | Usability',
'Which of these is a functional test? | Checking the on-line bookings screen information and the database contents against the information on the letter to the customers',
'Which of the following is a true statement regarding the process of fixing emergency changes? | Retest the changed area and then use risk assessment to decide on a reasonable subset of the whole regression test to run in case other parts of the system have been adversely affected',
'A regression test: | Will check unchanged areas of the software to see if they have been affected',
'Non-functional testing includes: | Testing the quality attributes of the system including reliability and usability',
'Beta testing is: | Performed by customers at their own site',
'Which of the following artifacts can be examined by using review techniques? | All of the above',
'Which statement about the function of a static analysis tool is true? | Gives quality information about the code without executing it',
'Which is not a type of review? | Management approval',
'What statement about reviews is true? | Inspections are led by a trained moderator, whereas technical reviews are not necessarily',
'What is the main difference between a walkthrough and an inspection? | A walkthrough is led by the author, whilst an inspection is led by a trained moderator',
'Which of the following characteristics and types of review processes belong together? 1. Led by the author 2. Undocumented 3. No management participation 4. Led by a trained moderator or leader 5. Uses entry and exit criteria s. Inspection t. Technical review u. Informal review v. Walkthrough | s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1',
'What statement about static analysis is true? | With static analysis, defects can be found that are difficult to find with dynamic testing',
'Which of the following statements about early test design are true and which are false? 1. Defects found during early test design are more expensive to fix. 2. Early test design can find defects. 3. Early test design can cause changes to the requirements. 4. Early test design takes more effort. | 2 and 3 are true. 1 and 4 are false',
'Static code analysis typically identifies all but one of the following problems. Which is it? | Faults in the requirements',
'In which document described in IEEE 829 would you find instructions for the steps to be taken for a test including set-up, logging, environment and measurement? | Test procedure specification',
'With a highly experienced tester with a good business background, which approach to defining test procedures would be effective and most efficient for a project under severe time pressure? | A high-level outline of the test conditions and general steps to take',
'Put the test cases that implement the following test conditions into the best order for the test execution schedule, for a test that is checking modifications of customers on a database. 1 Print modified customer record. 2 Change customer address: house number and street name. 3 Capture and print the on-screen error message. 4 Change customer address: postal code. 5 Confirm existing customer is on the database by opening that record. 6 Close the customer record and close the database. 7 Try to add a new customer with no details at all. | 5,4,2,1,7,3,6',
'Why are both specification-based and structure-based testing techniques useful? | They find different types of defect',
'What is a key characteristic of structure-based testing techniques? | They are used both to measure coverage and to design tests to increase coverage',
'Which of the following would be an example of decision-table testing for a financial application applied at the system-test level? | A table containing rules for mortgage applications',
'Which of the following could be a coverage measure for state transition testing? V All states have been reached. W The response time for each transaction is adequate. X Every transition has been exercised. Y All boundaries have been exercised. Z Specific sequences of transitions have been exercised. | V, X and Z',
'Postal rates for ‘light letters’ are 25p up to l0g, 35p up to 50g plus an extra l0p for each additional 25g up to l00g. Which test inputs (in grams) would be selected using equivalence partitioning? | 4,15, 65, 92,159',
'Which of the following could be used to assess the coverage achieved for specification based (black-box) test techniques? V Decision outcomes exercised W Partitions exercised X Boundaries exercised Y State transitions exercised Z Statements exercised | W,XorY',
'Which of the following structure based test design technique would be most likely to be applied to? 1 Boundaries between mortgage interest rate bands. 2 An invalid transition between two different arrears statuses. 3 The business process flow for mortgage approval. 4 Control flow of the program to calculate repayments. | 3 and 4',
'Use case testing is useful for which of the following? P Designing acceptance tests with users or customers. Q Making sure that the mainstream business processes are tested. R Finding defects in the interaction between components. S Identifying the maximum and minimum values for every input field. T Identifying the percentage of statements exercised by a sets of tests. | P, Q and R',
'Which of the following statements about the relationship between statement coverage and decision coverage is correct? | 100% decision coverage always means 100% statement coverage',
'Why are error guessing and exploratory testing good to do? | They can find defects missed by specificationbased and structure-based techniques',
'How do experience-based techniques differ from specification-based techniques? | They depend on an individual's personal view rather than on a documented record of what the system should do',
'Requirement 24.3: A ‘Postage Assistant’ will calculate the amount of postage due for letters and small packages up to 1 kilogram in weight. The inputs are: the type of item (letter, book or other package) and the weight in grams. Which of the following conform to the required contents of a test case? | Test 1: letter, 10 grams, postage €0.25. Test 2: book, 500 grams, postage €1.00. Test 3: package, 999 gram, postage €2.53 [Req 24.3]',
'You are writing a test plan using the IEEE 829 template and are currently completing the Risks and Contingencies section. Which of the following is most likely to be listed as a project risk? | Unexpected illness of a key team member',
'You and the project stakeholders develop a list of product risks and project risks during the planning stage of a project. What else should you do with those lists of risks during test planning? | Determine the extent of testing required for the product risks and the mitigation and contingency actions required for the project risks',
'Consider the following exit criteria which might be found in a test plan: I – No known customer-critical defects. II – All interfaces between components tested. III – 100% code coverage of all units. IV – All specified requirements satisfied. V – System functionality matches legacy system for all business rules. Which of the following statements is true about whether these exit criteria belong in an acceptance test plan? | Only statements I, IV, and V belong in an acceptance test plan',
'According to the ISTQB Glossary, what do we mean when we call someone a test manager? | A test manager is the leader of a test team or teams',
'Which tools help to support static testing? | Review process support tools, static analysis tools and modeling tools',
'When choosing which technique to use in a given situation, which factors should be taken into account? U previous experience of types of defects found in this or similar systems V the existing knowledge of the testers W regulatory standards that apply X the type of test execution tool that will be used Y the documentation available Z previous experience in the development language | U, V, W and Y',
'Which test activities are supported by test harness or unit test framework tools? | Test execution and logging',
'Which of the following factors is an influence on the test effort involved in most projects? | The quality of the information used to develop the tests',
'What are the potential benefits from using tools in general to support testing? | Greater repeatability of tests, reduction in repetitive work, objective assessment',
'Consider the following types of tools: V. Test management tools W. Static analysis tools X. Modelling tools Y. Dynamic analysis tools Z. Performance testing tools Which of the following of these tools is most likely to be used by developers? | W, X and Y',
'For a test procedure that is checking modifications of customers on a database, which two steps below would be the lowest priority if we didn’t have time to execute all of the steps? 1. Open database and confirm existing customer 2. Change customer’s marital status from single to married 3. Change customer’s street name from Parks Road to Park Road 4. Change customer’s credit limit from 500 to 750 5. Replace customer’s first name with exactly the same first name 6. Close the customer record and close the database | Tests 3 and 5',
'If the temperature falls below 18 degrees, the heating is switched on. When the temperature reaches 21 degrees, the heating is switched off. What is the minimum set of test input values to cover all valid equivalence partitions? | 15, 19 and 25 degrees',
'During test execution, the test manager describes the following situation to the project team: “90% of the test cases have been run. 20% of the test cases have identified defects. 127 defects have been found. 112 defects have been fixed and have passed confirmation testing. Of the remaining 15 defects, project management has decided that they do not need to be fixed prior to release.” Which of the following is the most reasonable interpretation of this test status report? | The remaining 10% of test cases should be run prior to release',
'Which of the following could be used to assess the coverage achieved for structure-based (white-box) test techniques? V Decision outcomes exercised W Partitions exercised X Boundaries exercised Y Conditions or multiple conditions exercised Z Statements exercised | V, Y or Z',
'The ISTQB Foundation Syllabus establishes a fundamental test process where test planning occurs early in the project, while test execution occurs at the end. Which of the following elements of the test plan, while specified during test planning, is assessed during test execution? | Exit criteria',
'Consider the following list of either product or project risks: I. An incorrect calculation of fees might short-change the organization. II. A vendor might fail to deliver a system component on time. III. A defect might allow hackers to gain administrative privileges. IV. A skills gap might occur in a new technology used in the system. V. A defect-prioritization process might overload the development team. Which of the following statements is true? | II and V are primarily product risks and I, III and V are primarily project risks.',
'Which of the following is a goal for a proof-of-concept or pilot phase for tool evaluation? | Decide on standard ways of using, managing, storing and maintaining the tool and the test assets',
'Consider the following list of test process activities: I Analysis and design II Test closure activities III Evaluating exit criteria and reporting IV Planning and control V Implementation and execution Which of the following places these in their logical sequence? | IV, I, V, III and II',
'Consider the following statements about regression tests: I. They may usefully be automated if they are well designed. II. They are the same as confirmation tests (re-tests). III. They are a way to reduce the risk of a change having an adverse affect elsewhere in the system. IV. They are only effective if automated. Which pair of statements is true? | I and III',
'In an incident report, the tester makes the following statement: At this point, I expect to receive an error message explaining the rejection of this invalid input and asking me to enter a valid input. Instead the system accepts the input, displays an hourglass for between one and five seconds and finally terminates abnormally, giving the message: “Unexpected data type: 15. Click to continue.” This statement is likely to be found in which of the following sections of an IEEE 829 standard incident report? | Incident description',
'In a test summary report, the project’s test leader makes the following statement, “The payment processing subsystem fails to accept payments from American Express cardholders, which is considered a must-work feature for this release.” This statement is likely to be found in which of the following sections? | Evaluation',
'A product risk analysis meeting is held during the project planning period. Which of the following determines the level of risk? | The harm that might result to the user',
'A test plan included the following a clauses among the exit criteria: System test shall continue until all significant product risks have been covered to the extent specified in the product risk analysis document. System test shall continue until no must-fix defects remain against any significant product risks specified in the product risk analysis document. During test execution, the test team detects 430 must fix defects prior to release and all must-fix defects are resolved. After release, the customers find 212 new defects, none of which were detected during testing. This means that only 67% of the important defects were found prior to release, a percentage which is well below average in your industry. You are asked to find the root cause for the high number of field failures. Consider the following list of explanations: I. Not all the tests planned for the significant product risks were executed. II. The organization has unrealistic expectations of the percentage of defects that testing can find III. A version-control issue has resulted in the release of a version of the software that was used during early testing IV. The product risk analysis failed to identify all the important risks from a customer point of view. V. The product risk analysis was not updated during the project as new information became available. Which of the following statements indicate which explanations are possible root causes? | I, IV and V are possible explanations, but II and III are not possible.',
'Which of the following metrics would be most useful to monitor during test execution? | Number of defects found and fixed',
'Which of the following are benefits and which are risks of using tools to support testing? 1. Over-reliance on the tool 2. Greater consistency and repeatability 3. Objective assessment 4. Unrealistic expectations 5. Underestimating the effort required to maintain the test assets generated by the tool 6. Ease of access to information about tests or testing 7. Repetitive work is reduced | Benefits: 2, 3, 6 and 7. Risks: 1, 4 and 5',
'During an early period of test execution, a defect is located, resolved and confirmed as resolved by re-testing, but is seen again later during subsequent test execution. Which of the following is a testing-related aspect of configuration management that is most likely to have broken down? | Configuration control',
'Which of the following are advanced scripting techniques for test execution tools? | Data-driven and keyword-driven',
'Consider the following statements about maintenance testing: I. It requires both re-test and regression test and may require additional new tests. II. It is testing to show how easy it will be to maintain the system. III. It is difficult to scope and therefore needs careful risk and impact analysis. IV. It need not be done for emergency bug fixes. Which of the statements are true? | I and III',
'According to the ISTQB Glossary, what is a test level? | A group of test activities that are organized together',
'Why is independent testing important? | Independent testing is more effective at finding defects',
'What is the primary difference between the test plan, the test design specification, and the test procedure specification? | The test plan describes one or more levels of testing, the test design specification identifies the associated high-level test cases and a test procedure specification describes the actions for executing a test',
'Review the following portion of an incident report. 1. I place any item in the shopping cart. 2. I place any other (different) item in the shopping cart. 3. I remove the first item from the shopping cart, but leave the second item in the cart. 4. I click the < Checkout > button. 5. I expect the system to display the first checkout screen. Instead, it gives the pop-up error message, ‘No items in shopping cart. Click to continue shopping.’ 6. I click < Okay >. 7. I expect the system to return to the main window to allow me to continue adding and removing items from the cart. Instead, the browser terminates. 8. The failure described in steps 5 and 7 occurred in each of three attempts to perform steps 1,2,3,4 and 6. Assume that no other narrative information is included in the report. Which of the following important aspects of a good incident report is missing from this incident report? | The summary.',
'According to the ISTQB Glossary, what do we call a document that describes any event that occurred during testing which requires further investigation? | An incident report',
'What is a potential risk in using tools to support testing? | Unrealistic expectations, expecting the tool to do too much',
'Which of the following would NOT be done as part of selecting a tool for an organization? | Roll out the tool to as many users as possible within the organization',
'A product risk analysis is performed during the planning stage of the test process. During the execution stage of the test process, the test manager directs the testers to classify each defect report by the known product risk it relates to (or to ‘other’). Once a week, the test manager runs a report that shows the percentage of defects related to each known product risk and to unknown risks. What is one possible use of such a report? | To identify new risks to system quality',
'Which of the following is among the typical tasks of a test leader? | Gather and report test progress metrics',
'According to the ISTQB Glossary, a product risk is related to which of the following? | The test object',
'You are working as a tester on a project to develop a point-of-sales system for grocery stores and other similar retail outlets. Which of the following is a product risk for such a project? | Failure to accept allowed credit cards',
'Which of the following statements is TRUE with respect to when the test analyst should become involved during different lifecycle models? | In sequential V-model projects the test analyst should start test analysis concurrently with requirement specification',
'Which of the following is a type of testing that someone in the role of a Test Analyst, working with the Test Manager, should typically consider and plan for? | Usability',
'A project has been initiated to collect and analyze usage of a web-based search tool in order to optimize search results for particular groups of users. The project will build on initial analysis of user data collected over a period of time and will aim to refine the collection and analysis ‘engines’ so that relevant data can be collected and analyzed in real time, enabling users to focus their search more effectively. The project will use agile techniques in an iterative/incremental life cycle. Requirements are based on user stories and these will be explored during short ‘sprints’. The sprints will be grouped to focus on data collection for the first part of the project and analysis for the second part. Risks include the inability to analyze the volume of data collected, inability to collect data for the desired analysis, inadequate speed and response times, and poor user interface. The testing for the first part has been scoped and requirements have been documented and reviewed with no major concerns arising. Which one of the following answers describes the most appropriate and complete sequence of activities for the TA to focus on during test analysis and design? | Analyze user stories, identify test conditions at appropriate levels to address user stories, add test conditions for risk mitigation, select test case design techniques to achieve desired coverage, create test cases',
'Which one of the following statements does NOT give a good reason why test cases should be reviewed and understood by stakeholders? | The test manager reviews the test cases in order to control the work of the test analyst and to create the organization’s test strategy',
'Scenario: Health Insurance The IT department of insurance company SecureLife has started a project IQ (Improved Quality) to implement a new health insurance application to make it possible to create online transactions for health insurance claims raised by employees and members of companies or associations having health insurance agreements. In the new application it will be possible to make registration of all the information about the employees, their age, health conditions, etc. The project also has to fulfill the demands of the people doing insurance calculation, actuaries and the demands from public legislation. The project team for IQ have testers who are business users with lots of domain knowledge but without much formal test training. At the same time another project, HIPPOS (Health Insurance Product Public Order Sales), has been started by the marketing department of SecureLife with the purpose of launching a new Internet application that will allow potential buyers of health insurance to use a small calculator to calculate insurance premiums and possible bonus deductions based on age and different health parameters. This application will also allow individual customers to order Health Insurance Products online. The marketing tool and web page of project HIPPO will be developed and tested by SecureLife’s Agile development team, which has worked together for the last three years with the marketing department, developing marketing web applications. The Agile team consists of well trained testers and developers. They have implemented test automation for configuration and regression testing and they have as part of their retrospectives built check lists of common defects and common security problems. As senior test analyst in SecureLife you have been asked to give input to the test strategy for the two projects, IQ and HIPPOS, regarding the level of detail and documentation required for test cases in the two projects. Which TWO of the following are the BEST options for this strategy? | 2. In project IQ the test cases should be written at a concrete level with documented procedures and traceability to requirements & 4. In project HIPPOS the test cases should be written at a logical level allowing the testers flexibility in varying the details to achieve higher coverage.',
'Consider the following exit criterion: “All test cases must be reviewed and approved by representatives from the development and test team.” The project team has determined that this exit criterion is critical for keeping the project on schedule. This exit criterion is from which test activity? How will meeting this criterion help keep the project on schedule? | Test Design; by ensuring that the test team is creating the test cases that will target the correct areas with valid tests',
'You are analyzing the test log below to determine what actions, if any, are required: On further investigation test step 2 was resolved as a typographical error in the log; the actual result was ‘Error 202’ as expected. Which option represents the appropriate action to take next? | Amend the outcome for step 2. Repeat test step 4 to resolve an apparent ‘false positive’. Check the test documentation for step 4 if the outcome is a ‘fail’. Check the test documentation for step 5. Raise incident reports for steps 4 and 5 if test documentation shows tests were correct.',
'Which one of the following statements best expresses why accurate test case execution status information is important? | Accurate test case execution status information helps stakeholders gain knowledge about the status of the project.',
'Which of the following is a typical work product that the Test Analyst would deliver as part of the test closure activities? | A list of all deferred defects',
'Which of the following statements best expresses the types of information that must be tracked during testing to enable adequate monitoring and controlling of the testing project? Select TWO answers | 1. The tracking and measurement of defects, tests, coverage as well as product risks & 2. How many defects were introduced by each developer so adequate steps may be taken',
'According to the syllabus, which of the following would be the MOST effective method of communication between test team members who are distributed across several time zones? | Accurate recording of defect information in the defect tracking system',
'A project to develop a foreign exchange Automated Telling Machine for an airport has been planned and a risk assessment has shown that there are 3 key risks: 1. There is a risk that usability will be a problem for visually impaired users because the operation requires viewing several screens in sequence with relatively small text. This has been assessed as medium likelihood with high impact. 2. There is a risk that response will be relatively slow because the foreign exchange rates will be checked before each transaction; this has been assessed as medium likelihood with medium impact. 3. There is a risk that accuracy of calculations could lead to cumulative errors. This has been assessed as low likelihood with high impact. The test strategy currently requires performance testing during system test, usability testing during User Acceptance Test and accuracy tests at every test level. The project schedule is under time pressure. Which of the following possible risk mitigation actions should be prioritized highest? | Allow access to the system for usability testing during integration',
'Which of the following statements about cause-effect graphing is NOT true? | Cause-effect graphs can show only one type of relationship (and, or, is, is not) in the diagram at a time',
'A company has set up an employee wellness program and combined it with the premium for health insurance: The full standard premium for a health insurance policy is $400. The program have the following rules: 1) Employees who make a pledge — on the honor system — that they don’t smoke, or that they take a stop-smoking class, and have a BMI below 30, get 10% off their contribution toward the full standard insurance premium. 2) Employees who fill in a “health risk assessment” with more health details will be rewarded with a $25 reduction in premium. 3) Employees who participate in a yearly health control at the company a) receive a $50 reduction in their premium for having a BMI of 27.5 or less, and a $25 reduction for having a BMI below 30. And b) if they are non-smokers, they receive an additional $50 reduction in their premium, and those that have joined a stop-smoking class receive a $25 reduction. Smokers pay an additional premium of $75. How many test cases are needed to achieve 100% test coverage of equivalence partitions of the input parameters, when testing this specification by applying the equivalence partitioning test design technique and what will be the maximum and minimum resulting premium? | 3 test cases and a maximum premium of $475 and minimum premium of $235',
'The participants in a yearly health check for employees are required to answer questions about smoking: Whether they are non-smokers, have started a stop-smoking class, or are smokers. Their BMI (Body mass index) is measured in the following categories: 18.9 or less is underweight, 19 to 24.9 (inclusive) is normal, from 25 to 29.9 (inclusive) is overweight, and 30 or more is heavy overweight Their blood pressure is measured in categories from optimal to severely high. For simplicity in this example, only the high blood pressure (systolic) will be considered: Everything under 120 is optimal, up till 129 (inclusive) is normal, from 130 to 159 (inclusive) is medium high, and from 160 up till 179 (inclusive) is high and everything over that is severely high.. How many test cases are need to achieve 75% test coverage when testing this specification by applying the boundary value analysis test design technique using 2 values per boundary and testing BMI and blood pressure only with positive integer values. Each test case has both BMI and blood measures as data values. Also what about extreme boundaries (this are not taken into account), if not say so explicitly. | 6',
'When an employee requests payment of a claim from his/her health insurance, this request follows the sequences of states shown in the diagram from being requested until it is closed and removed. If information is missing or changed, the claim may be moved back to an earlier state to prevent payment. There are the following restrictions: If a claim in state Accepted has been Closed it can only be restored to the same state Accepted. If a claim in state Activated has been Closed it can only be restored to state Activated. | 2. 4 0-switch transitions & 5. 11 1-switch transitions',
'The insurance company GoodHealth has launched a new health insurance product – for all customers both new and existing – with the following specification: Standard premium fee is 500€. A bonus program offers customers buying the health insurance product with a 25€ discount to the standard premium fee to accept participating in the medical tests even if they are not participating. The customers get a 25€ discount to the standard premium for everyone of four medical tests (BMI, blood pressure, glucose and cholesterol) that they take as part of the yearly medical test plus an extra 75€ if they take all the tests. How many test cases are needed when using a collapsed decision table? How many test cases are needed when using a non-collapsed decision table but with the limitation to test customers who do not accept to participate in any medical tests, only with one test case? Choose TWO options | 3. 6 tests are needed for a collapsed decision table & 5. 17 are needed for the not-collapsed decision table',
'A company offering house insurance policies has several policy options. They depend on the following factors: Building type: house, semi-detached, apartment building, cottage Material: wood, concrete, brick, mixed Location: city, suburb, countryside, wilderness You are testing the system and using the pairwise technique for creating test cases. Using the pairwise technique, how many test cases are required to achieve 2-wise coverage? | 16',
'Easytravel is a card which is used for paying journeys on buses and undergrounds. The user can store credit to the card at the Easytravel Loading Machines and the system automatically deducts the fee of the journey while the user shows the card to the card reader on a bus or at the underground station. The system allows the user to load 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 Euros or another, user-defined amount to the card. There are four payment methods available: cash, credit card, debit card or pay-by-phone. After the transaction, the system allows the user to view or print the balance on a receipt Using the Classification Tree method, what is the minimum number of test cases for 100 % 1-wise coverage? | 6 test cases',
'You are a Test Analyst on a project. You are running an automated test case and it has just failed. What should be your first step? | Run the same test case manually to see if it fails',
'In an organization using keyword-driven automation, which of the following activities typically is the responsibility of the Test Analyst? | Identify the key business processes that must be tested',
'Which of the following is a benefit of using a classification tree tool for test design? | The tool will generate the combinations of the specified options that the Test Analyst should test',
'Why is root cause analysis important? | It helps identify root causes that are responsible for a significant amount of defects',
'A project to build a control system for a national fire service is being conducted on a government contract which has strict deadlines and penalties will be incurred for late delivery. Acceptance criteria include limits on the number of outstanding defects of different levels of severity at the end of user acceptance. The system embodies a sophisticated user interface based on an innovative design that has not yet been deployed in any other system and which is critical to the effectiveness of the system. The project is using a waterfall life cycle but with incremental deliveries based on priorities of individual requirements. The project will make use of a defect classification system during development and the tool in use will allow up to 3 separate classifications to be used. Which of the following defect classifications will BEST meet the project’s needs? | Defects outstanding by severity, project phase in which the defect was introduced (e.g. requirements, design), symptom (i.e. what aspect of the system is affected)',
'Which TWO of the following may more frequently need to be explained in greater detail for non-functional defect reports than for a functional defect report? | 1. Expected results & 4. Level of load on the system at the time of failure',
'How does phase containment contribute to reducing the cost of development? | By eliminating defects as early as possible to minimize defect propagation',
'You are an experienced test analyst who has been assigned to a new project that is very important to your company. Management has decided that the development model to be used will be the V-model. You have been given the task of participating in the review process for the project from beginning to end. Which of the following statements describes how you prepare for each review in the project, and why it is important? Choose TWO options. | 1. Prior to the requirements review, you read the requirements document, checking that the requirements are unambiguous, complete and testable. The more defects found and fixed at this stage, the less found later on. & 2. In preparation for the integration test plan review, you read the architecture specification in order to consider dependencies between the components that are being integrated, so that the integration is performed efficiently.',
'Your company has already released a video game product to the market, but it received many complaints from the users regarding performance, usability, security and portability. You have been chartered with overseeing the usability testing for the next release of the game. So far, the user interface looks much better and the response time is greatly improved. The product is stable and all the new features have been completed and summative testing has been completed. Which of the following would be a reasonable next step? | Verify that all stated usability requirements have been met and validate the usability by conducting usability testing in a usability lab with a sample of real users',
'Assume you work for a company that has developed a software component to help users securely and easily manage all the passwords they have defined for different websites. This component is integrated into hundreds of websites, used by millions of people world-wide. A new software version of the component is being developed. The main feature of this version is the integration with a specific operating system that does not currently support this component. You are the test analyst responsible for creating the interoperability tests. Which of the following statements correctly defines the level in the testing lifecycle in which the relevant test should first be performed? Choose TWO options. | 1. Testing that the passwords are saved securely on the newly integrated operating system should be performed during component testing. & 2. Testing that the passwords are saved accurately should be performed during component testing',
'You are testing an application that handles credit card transactions. Because of the nature of the application, the demands for the quality of the system are high: the system shall work accurately and in compliance with the regulations regarding the applications dealing with credit cards. In addition, as there are many systems to which this application is connected to, the interaction between them is critical and shall be flawless. Which of the following techniques would be MOST appropriate when testing this application? Select THREE options. | 2. Decision table testing & 4. Use case testing & 5. State transition testing',
'You are a Test Analyst on a new project. The requirements documents are on a very high level, containing little detail about the problem the software should address. As a result, your manager has decided that exploratory testing will be a primary test technique used for this project. You have been given the task of specifying, executing and recording the test sessions. Select THREE of the options below to define what you will need or will use for specifying, executing and recording the sessions. | 1. Use debriefing sessions with the test manager or a test lead to record the results of the test sessions & 2. Procure domain knowledge to be applied during the exploratory session & 3. Create test charters and assign time boxes for each planned exploratory session',
'Which of the following statements BEST explains experience-based testing? | If the testers are experienced and have good knowledge of the system under test, experience-based techniques are a viable alternative to more formal techniques if there are problems with the quality of the documentation or if the project is under a tight schedule',
'You have just joined a new software organization. They have a product that is in production but it has a large number of usability issues that have been recorded against it. This particular product is a data entry product that records information about new insurance customers. The primary users of the product are data entry operators who input up to 1,000 new entries each day. You have been asked to select a good user interface checklist that can be used to test this product. Which TWO of the following are items that should be included in this checklist? | 1. Verify the tab order of the input fields & 2. Verify proper rule checking for validity for date fields',
'Which of the following describes typical characteristics of defect-based testing techniques? | Defect-based techniques are based on the analysis and classification of previously found defects.',
'A system is being specified for use by automotive dealers. The system will provide the ability to configure a vehicle’s optional characteristics (e.g. engine size, external trim, color), visualize the configured vehicle and generate the retail price of the vehicle. An existing system can provide a visual model of any single configuration but it does not enable the user to modify the configuration in the same session. This system is being used as a development prototype from which it is expected that the required functionality can be generated more quickly than working from scratch, and time scales have been adjusted for a rapid delivery. Which TWO of the following test case design techniques would together give the best chance of achieving acceptable test coverage in the available time frame? | 2. Classification Tree & 5. Equivalence Partitioning',
'Which of the following is true regarding user stories? | User stories describe functional and non-functional characteristics of a specific small part of a system that must be tested and demonstrated by the team.',
'What layer of the gTAA structure provides tool support for designing manual test cases and creating automated test cases? | Test Generation Layer',
'When a system is designed for testability, one of the characteristics is that the test cases can access interfaces into the system that can be used to verify the expected behavior actually occurred as a result of the test. What is this characteristic called? | Observability',
'You are testing a system that is updated by monthly service packs. You are testing multiple versions of the SUT simultaneously. Your TAS is complex and you need to ensure it remains consistent across the different SUT environments. How will you ensure that the same version of the TAS is used to test each SUT? | Install the TAS into the SUT environments from a central repository',
'What is the most common basis for an automated test script? | A manual test case',
'Which of the following is true about reuse? | Reuse is built into the TAA and maintained and improved in the TAS',
'Up until now you have provided automated testing for a stable SUT. Because of changing business demands, the SUT will be updated to include several new features and plug-ins that communicate via APIs. In what way should you update the TAS? | Modify the adaptation layer in the TAA to enable the TAS to test via the APIs',
'You have been asked to implement test automation for a system that has been in production for two years. The software is relatively stable, updates are made once a quarter, and the quality of the software is extremely important. The organization follows a V-model lifecycle and has used this model for many years. Software quality is good on the quarterly releases, but there is concern that the time required for the regression testing is not cost effective and is inhibiting the flow of new features. You see several challenges in this implementation, the greatest of which is the creation and preservation of test data. While the test environments are stable and controlled, the test data is frequently refreshed from production, which makes it difficult to write maintainable test automation. Given this information, which of the following is most likely to be a problem for this test automation effort? | Complexity to automate',
'You have been conducting a quality review for your TAS. You have discovered that it has not been updated for three years. The TAS functions properly and provides good coverage of the SUT; however, you want to ensure that it is working as efficiently as possible. What step should you consider in order to increase efficiency of the TAS? What step should you consider in order to increase efficiency of the TAS? | Ensure the latest libraries are incorporated into the TAS',
'You are implementing a TAS from a TAA. The SUT communicates with another system, which is stable and available for use during testing. The test interface will be through the GUI. Given this information what component of the TAA can you exclude from the TAS? | The simulator within the test adaption layer',
'You are evaluating functional test automation tools. The tool that you prefer can provide your organization with a favorable cost-benefit ratio, which appeals to senior management. Additionally, you feel the tool is superior in meeting your other technical criteria. However, the tool has many features most of which will never be used. As a result, you feel this makes the tool overly complex and confusing. What should your next steps be regarding the selection of this tool? | Explore the possibility of configuring the tool to turn off unnecessary features',
'Your team has been working on creating a strong and maintainable TAS. The TAS is expected to be used for at least five years, so good maintainability is critical. The team has done the following: 1. Created an impact analysis process for all proposed changes to the system 2. Documented the usage for the TAS 3. Documented the third party dependencies, including contacts within the third party organization 4. Verified that the TAS runs in an environment separate from the SUT environment Given this information, what is a major factor of maintainability that has not been addressed? | The TAS must be modular, so key components can be replaced as needed',
'Senior management wants to implement test automation into your organization and has asked you to lead this initiative. The organization has a number of systems of varying criticality, some of which may benefit from automation once a TAA is mature. You have been given direction to start with a pilot. How do you select a suitable project for the TAS? | A non-critical project in order to mitigate any delays the TAS may cause',
'Who should provide feedback to the TAE when implementing new features to an existing TAS? | Test Designers with domain expertise',
'You are working on the design of a test automation project. The gTAA was set up by a consulting company prior to your being hired. You are now looking to create the TAA from the gTAA. You have the following requirements that must be addressed by your TAA: 1. The TAA must support independence across technologies. It is likely that this same test suite will be used in different test environments and on different target technologies 2. The test artifacts need to be portable 3. Vendor-neutrality is preferable 4. It is vitally important that the TAA be maintainable and maintenance costs be minimized 5. It is preferred that less technical people be able to maintain the system even though highly technical people have built it 6. There is a large project budget for this effort for the next two years, but the budget will decrease after that time Given these requirements, which one of the following should the TAE consider during the implementation of the TAA? | The use of abstraction in the implementation',
'When publishing a test execution report which key attribute must the report contain? | Test environment',
'Which of the following is considered to be an advantage of test automation over manual testing? | The time required for test execution is shortened and the coverage is increased',
'You have been reviewing the test cases in your TAS and have discovered that there is a wide variety of methods the TAEs have used to handle system errors. How should you handle this? | Establish an error recovery process in the TAS and ensure all test cases are using that process',
'Why is it important to have standard naming conventions for a TAS? | A TAS that uses standard names will be easier for a new person to learn',
'You are preparing to execute a test automation suite for a safety critical healthcare application. Which approach should you take to verify the accuracy of the test results? | Execute test cases with known failures and verify that they continue to fail',
'Your manager has requested you develop test automation to be used for a legacy system that is going to go through a series of infrastructure migrations. The scripts will be used to verify basic functionality during these infrastructure changes. You need a solution that is simple and fast. Maintainability of the scripts is not a consideration because no changes to the software are anticipated. Which of the following is the best scripting approach in this situation? | Linear scripting',
'When implementing results reporting for test automation, what is a good way to allow the reader to make a quick assessment of the progress of the test execution? | Traffic lights',
'You have been working with a test automation suite that provides good test coverage. The suite contains 500 scripts and has previously run without any problems. Recently, a number of the tests late in the test run have been failing. You have done some analysis and it appears that the test failures are being caused by a SUT failure that is not being detected by one or more tests earlier in the test run. You need more information to pinpoint the test or tests with a false-negative result. What type of logging do you need in order to complete your analysis and get the information to help identify the problem? 1. The status of execution for each test case (pass/fail) 2. Timing information for each step in each test case 3. Dynamic information about the SUT 4. All actions of each test case to allow replaying each test 5. Failure information for any step in a test case that encounters an error | 1, 4, 5',
'Which of the following is the best reason for automating the confirmation testing of a defect? | To ensure that the fix works and continues to work',
'You have been asked to distribute the results of your test automation daily. The preferred method for distribution of these results is via e-mail. What is an important characteristic of your test automation reporting that will allow you to provide this information? | It should integrate with a common third party tool',
'When designing the test adaptation layer, which of the following should occur? | Selecting tools that will be used to stimulate and observe test interfaces',
'What is a stated goal for automated regression test coverage if it is to ascertain the overall quality of the SUT? | Broad and deep',
'Which of the following is an important technical success factor for any significant automation project? | The TAA must be designed for learnability',
'You are having problems with the reliability of the automated test environment and setup. You have decided to create a test suite you can execute to verify the environment before you run the actual test scripts. Which of the following would provide the best quick test of the environment? | Run a set of tests containing both passes and fails and verify that the results are consistent',
'You are working on a test automation project that will automate business scenarios for the user acceptance testers to use when conducting UAT. The business scenarios are well-defined and frequently repeated during UAT. The goal is to also be able to test these same scenarios as part of regression testing by executing the test automation. Structured scripting has already been used to develop the library of functions that can be used by the test automation. What scripting technique should be used to build upon the structured scripting that has already been done and to implement this test automation to meet the business goals? | Process-driven scripting',
'You have been asked to conduct a pilot for the test automation tool. You have identified a suitable target project (average size and cost), planned the pilot (treating it as a development effort), and conducted the pilot. What should be your next step? | Evaluate the results engaging the stakeholders to gather their viewpoints',
'Which of the following is an important testability consideration when designing a SUT? | Controllability',
'You have just updated your TAS to include new features. What steps should you take to ensure that the changes have not adversely affected any existing functionality? | Compare the new and old TAS versions and assess the impact of any differences',
'You normally start execution of an automated regression test suite at the end of the workday as it is a lengthy test. Occasionally the test does not complete by the start of the next workday even though it should complete within five hours of starting. What is the most efficient approach you could take to determine the cause of the problem? | Automate collection of the test execution results',
'Why is it important for the TAA to separate the test definition from the test execution? | The test definition can be completed without knowledge of the tool that will be used for execution',
'You are deciding on the functional test automation approach for a highly complex system which is expected to be used in production for many years. You have already conducted a survey with the major tool vendors and you have determined that you will not be able to use any of their tools to create your test automation due to the non-standard interfaces that were required for the software. You and the developers have decided that your best automation approach will be through custom interfaces implemented specifically for testing. What are two concerns you should have with this approach? (Pick 2 answers) | 2. The performance of the test interfaces may be much faster than the performance of the real interfaces & 5. Because there is a low level of intrusion, the test results will not be representative of the production code',
'You are using a gTAA to create a TAS for a project. You have reviewed the project and determined that the test automation should be focused at the command line level rather than the user interface level due to the rapid and continual changes occurring in the user interface. The command line interface allows you to access all the functionality and will be a part of the released project. Given this information, what part of the standard gTAA can you leave out of the TAS? | The GUI component of the test adaptation layer',
'You have been automating a legacy application that provides critical functionality to the business. An update to the legacy system has been approved and the developers plan to use third party software to provide the new functionality. The third party software has already been tested but the interface between the existing software and the new software is problematic. Your existing test automation needs to be extended to test the interface between these two products. How should you approach implementing the best automation solution? | Investigate if automation is possible via the APIs used to interface with the third party software',
'You have executed an automated test suite for a product that was released to production. Although your tests passed, there was a major failure in production in an area that is well covered by your automated tests. You have verified that your tests did pass and that the reporting of the results was correct. What should you do now to verify the validity of your tests? | Check that the post conditions of each test case are being verified correctly',
'When is the best time, for test automation, to consider legal and/or standards requirements of an SUT? | When designing a TAA',
'Your manager is concerned that it will be difficult to assess the success of the test automation implementation unless it is possible to show that the quality of the tested software steadily improves. You have explained that pass/fail numbers are reported at the end of each execution, but your manager wants to see this information provided automatically to a dashboard that will allow drilling down to the details. How can you automatically provide this information from the test automation software? | The automated testware can be used to report this information to a database and a dashboard can be created from the data in the database that will show the trends in passed/failed test cases',
'Which TWO of the following statements are true? 1) Early feedback gives the developers more time to develop new system features because they spend less time reworking features expected in a given iteration. 2) Early feedback enables agile teams to deliver features with the highest business value first, because the customer maintains focus on features with the highest system value. 3) Early feedback reduces costs because it decreases the amount of time needed for system testing. 4) Early feedback makes it more likely that the system built is what the customer wanted because they are given the opportunity to make changes throughout the iteration. | 2 and 4',
'Which of the following activities would a tester do during release planning? | Support the clarification of the user stories and ensure that they are testable',
'Which of the following is NOT a typical task performed by the tester within an agile team? | To produce and update burndown charts',
'At the beginning of the 5th iteration of a project, a new requirement was introduced to support a new type of browser. The tester realizes that the existing test automation framework and scripts will not support the new type of browser. What is the best course of action for the tester on this team to take? | The tester will notify the team of the issue. A risk analysis is done, and the team decides that regression testing must be performed on the new type of browser in addition to the other supported browsers. The tester will update the sprint plan by adding tasks to modify the framework and scripts to support the new type of browser.',
'What does the term ‘Test Pyramid’ refer to and illustrate situations for? | The number of automated unit tests is higher than the number of automated tests for higher test levels.',
'Which TWO activities below best represent responsibilities that are consistent with agile development’s Whole Team approach? Select TWO options. | Testers are expected to work with customer representatives to create acceptance tests',
'Which of the following items should NOT be raised during a retrospective meeting? | Tester XYZ is struggling to find defects. Test design training is required for this resource.',
'Which of the following statements is FALSE with respect to exploratory testing? | Exploratory testing eliminates the need for testers to prepare test ideas prior to test execution.',
'Given the following user story: “As the president, any data I upload should not be viewable by any other user of the system” During the first poker planning session, the following story points were given based on risk, effort, complexity, and proper extent of testing: Customers: 5 Developers: 5 Testers: 20 What is the best outcome following this planning session? | The team should hold a conversation to understand why the testers felt this user story was significantly more work. Another round of the planning poker session should occur following that discussion.',
'Which of the following demonstrates effective use of the testing quadrant? | When communicating test ideas, the tester can refer to the matching test quadrant, so that the rest of the team will better understand the purpose of the test.',
'Which of the following is NOT a principle of continuous integration? | Continuous integration ensures that testing of builds is done manually, as this generates more reliable results than automated scripts.',
'Given the following results from a product risk analysis that occurred at the beginning of an iteration: • User story 1 (Performance): likelihood: high, impact: high • User story 2 (Security): likelihood: high, impact: high • User story 3 (Functional): likelihood: medium, impact: high • User story 4 (Functional): likelihood: high, impact: medium • User story 5 (Compatibility):likelihood: low, impact: low • User story 6 (Recoverability): likelihood: low, impact: low Which TWO of the following describes best what the team should do with this information? Select TWO options. | 1. Move onto planning poker session to estimate effort for user stories, and determine what can be done in the current iteration, and what needs to be added to backlog. & 4. The team should collaborate on effective ways to mitigate the high likelihood, high impact risks',
'Which of the following statements about Test Driven Development (TDD) is FALSE? | The result of TDD are test classes used by the developer to develop test cases',
'Consider the following activities: i. Strict enforcement of system test level entry and exit criteria. ii. Collaboration between tester, developer, and business stakeholders to define acceptance criteria. iii. Functional verification testing of user stories developed in the previous iteration. Which of the following combination of these activities should occur in an agile project? | ii only',
'During an iteration planning meeting, the team is sharing their thoughts about a user story. The product owner advises that the customer should have one screen to enter information. The developer explains that there are technical limitations for the feature, due to the amount of information needed to be captured on the screen. Another developer says that there are risks about performance as the information will be stored in an external offsite database. Which of the following would best represent a tester’s contribution to this discussion? | The tester advises that the user story needs acceptance criteria to be testable.',
'Your manager would like to introduce exploratory testing to your agile team. He has received the following suggestions on how to proceed from previous colleagues: i. User stories are assigned to testers who are completely new to the user story. There is allotted 120 minutes allocated to complete exploratory testing on the user story. Testers do not need to document tests, or test results, but do need to log defects if any are encountered. ii. User stories are assigned to testers who have already completed risk based testing on the same areas. There is allotted 120 minutes allocated to complete exploratory testing for this user story. The team expects at the end of the 120 minutes to have a list of test ideas, including data and actors, results and issues encountered, and list of defects to be logged in the defect management tool. iii. A user story is assigned to business representative. The business representative is told to use the system like the customer would on a day-to-day basis. If issues are encountered, the business representative is told to inform the tester, so that they can prioritize and log the defect. iv. A user story is assigned to a tester for exploratory testing. Tester is told to learn the functionality of the user story, to make sure the functionality is correct and to include negative testing. There is no set deadline for this exploratory testing to be complete; it depends on what is found by the tester. Documentation is not necessary, but defects need to be logged in defect tracking tool. Your manager presents you with his conclusions about how best to introduce exploratory testing to an agile team. Which one of your manager’s conclusions is correct? | Scenario i IS NOT the best way because: In exploratory testing, test design and test execution happen at the same time but are guided by a documented test charter that includes actors, test conditions, test data, etc. Test results are also documented and will guide the next test.',
'In agile projects there is more need for testers to understand and develop test automation scripts than in traditional projects. Of the following, which are the TWO reasons why this is a necessary skill on agile projects? i. Requirements change daily and have to be regression tested. This rapid change requires automated tests because manual testing is too slow. ii. The tests should generate feedback on product quality as early as possible. So all acceptance tests should be executed in each iteration, ideally as modifications are made. In practice that can only be realized by automated tests. iii. Test-First and Continuous Integration Practice require that the regression test suite is executed whenever changed code is checked-in. In practice that can only be realized by automated tests. iv. Iterations or sprints are of fixed length. The team has to guarantee that all tests can be completely executed at the last day of each iteration/sprint. In practice, that can only be realized by automated tests. v. Agile projects rely on unit testing rather than on systems testing. Since unit tests cannot be executed manually, all tests have to be automated tests. | ii and iii',
'Which of the following statements best reflects one of the values of the Agile Manifesto? | Working software allows the customer to provide rapid feedback to the developer.',
'Match the following agile software development approaches on the top with their corresponding descriptions on the bottom. 1) Extreme Programming 2) Scrum 3) Kanban I. Embraces 5 values to guide development: Communication, Simplicity, Feedback, Courage, and Respect II. Divides the project into short iterations called sprints. III. Optimizes the ‘flow’ of work in a value-added chain. | 1-i, 2-ii, 3-iii',
'Which alternative is the BEST description of when to stop testing (release criteria) in an agile project? | The achieved test coverage is considered enough. The coverage limit is justified by the complexity of the included functionality, its implementation, and the risks involved.',
'Given the following user story: “An online application charges customers to ship purchased items, based on the following criteria: • Standard shipping costs for under 6 items • Shipping is $5 for 6-10 items. • Shipping is free for more than 10 items. Which of the following is the best black box test design technique for the user story? | Boundary Value Analysis: Test the following inputs – 0,5,6,10,11,max',
'Which of the following test activities is typically done during agile projects, but is not as common on traditional projects? | Testers are heavily involved in the creation of automated test cases which are then used to verify the implementation of the requirements.',
'Which of the following is an advantage of having the whole team responsible for quality? | Role barriers are eliminated and team members contribute to project success based on their unique skills and perspectives.',
'The business advises during iteration 5 planning that they require changes to the system delivered in iteration 3. Of the following activities, which would need to be done first to minimize the introduction of regression risk when this feature is changed? | Review and update all manual and automated tests impacted by this change to meet the new acceptance criteria.',
'Which tasks are typically expected of a tester on an agile project? i. decide on user acceptance ii. design, create and execute appropriate tests iii. schedule defect reports for analysis iv. automate and maintain tests v. improve program logic by pair programming | ii & iv',
'Which of the following is best at showing the team’s progress against estimates? | Burndown charts',
'The term “burndown” refers to which of the following? | A chart showing the amount of work left to be done, versus the time allocated for the iteration',
'Given the following user stories: “As a bank teller, I can easily navigate through the system menu and links, and find the information I am looking for” “For all users, the system must display all queries in less than 2 seconds, 90% of the time” And the associated test cases: TC1: Login as bank teller. Enter customer ID. Verify that the customer transaction history is easy to find, and that navigating through the menus is intuitive. TC2: Login as bank teller: Enter customer Name. Verify that the customer accounts are easy to find and that navigating through the menus is intuitive. TC3: Simulate expected traffic on system and validate the time for customer transaction history to display is less than 2 seconds. Which TWO test quadrants would the above test cases be part of? | Q3 system or user acceptance level, business facing & Q4 system or operation acceptance level, technology facing',
'Which of the following statements about independent testing on agile projects is FALSE? | Independent testers will find more defects than developers regardless of test level.',
'Which TWO of the following are reasons why automation is essential within agile projects? i. So that teams maintain or increase their velocity ii. To prevent the test team from becoming bored with manual, repetitive tasks iii. To retest all test cases from previous iterations iv. To eliminate regression in the product due to high code churn v. To ensure that code changes do not break the software build | i and v',
'An agile team is assigned to a project to update an existing medical device to newer technologies. Since the last release of the existing medical device, a new version of the medical device standard has been released. User access to the device is changing and will be documented in user stories. Based on this information, and in addition to the user stories, which of the following would best provide relevant information to support your testing activities? i. Updated version of standards document for medical system. ii. Existing defects or typical defect areas in existing system. iii. Obsolete user access test cases and results for existing application. iv. Performance metrics for existing application. v. Defects logged during other similar conversion projects for medical devices | i, ii, v',
'In an agile project, which of the following would best denote product quality at the end of iteration 6 of a new system release consisting of 8 iterations? | The results of a customer beta test on the iteration 6 software release indicate that the system works correctly and that it has improved productivity.',
'Which TWO of the following statements are true on agile projects? Select TWO options. | 1. Testers should work closely with developers while retaining an objective outlook & 5. A selection of users may perform beta testing on the product after the completion of a series of iterations.',
'What is the most appropriate explanation of a ‘user story’? | An artifact written collaboratively by developers, testers, and business representatives to capture requirements.',
'Which of the following is a benefit of the agile process promoting early and frequent feedback? | There is less rework because customers see the product regularly.',
'Given the following User Story: “As a bank teller, I would like to be able to view all of my customer’s bank transactions on the screen, so I can answer his/her questions”. Which of the following can be considered as relevant acceptance test cases? i. Login as a bank teller, get the customer’s account balance for all open accounts. ii. Login as a bank teller, enter a customer account ID, get his transactions history on the screen iii. Login as a bank teller, request customer account ID by using name abbreviations, and get his transaction history on the screen iv. Login as a bank teller, enter a customer IBAN (international bank account number), get his transaction history on the screen v. Login as a Bank Teller, enter a customer Account ID, get the Transactions history in less than 3 seconds on screen. | ii, iii, iv',
'The Agile Manifesto has 4 statements of values. Match the agile value (1-4) with its traditional counterpart (i-iv). 1) Customer collaboration over i) Processes and tools 2) Responding to change over ii) Following a plan 3) Individuals and interactions over iii) Contract negotiation 4) Working software over iv) Comprehensive documentation | 1 – iii, 2 – ii, 3 – i, 4 – iv',
'Which of the following BEST describes a tester participating in a retrospective meeting? | As a tester participating in a retrospective meeting, I should provide feedback and input on all activities conducted by the team during the sprint.',
'Which TWO of the following are examples of testable acceptance criteria for test related activities? Select TWO options. | 2. System testing: At least 80% of functional regression tests are automated. & 3. Security testing: A threat risk analysis scan is completed with no faults identified.',
'Which of the following is one of the purposes of an Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) tool on an agile project? | An ALM tool provides visibility into the current state of the application, especially with distributed teams'